
Working title:
# Your Liquid Lips


Oh yes. Come in. Close the door behind you while I just ease myself down into this big leather chair here. ... No, Stay there. Don't come any closer yet. I want to look at you. ...  Ah. You are quite attractive. Are you someone who knows that about themselves? I have been watching you all evening. You have caused me a little, ah, problem, in fact. I need your help to fix it. No, don't move yet. I'm still looking you over. Look at the ground please. Now lift your eyes to me, but don't lift your head. ... Good. Bite your lip. ... Harder. ... Ah good. You know, I could swear your lip now seems somewhat fuller, plumper. ... Don't be nervous! Why don't you unbutton your shirt, it looks a little tight around your chest -- opening it will make you more comfortable, I think. It's a little warm in here. ... Good, good. Slowly! Take your time. Don't fumble the buttons -- I want to watch your fingers work. I admire someone capable of graceful and fluid movement. That's really the reason I've been watching you all evening. The obvious qualities of your physical allure are what first caught my eye, of course. But I'm sure everyone sees that about you. Many people are attractive. It's not a thing that is particularly special, really. And our society puts far too much value on what a person simple looks like. Though, as I say, you ARE obviously visually attractive. ... But it was your movements, full of smooth flow like deep water in a channel, that kept me watching you all evening. That lithe liquid quality of movement: it's a rare thing. Something that I keep a particular eye out for, and almost never see. ... Are you a dancer? ... You do some other practice of moving your body through space then? ... You must find something like that. You have a gift. ... And your movements through the room downstairs, that I followed so closely all evening, you see those movements are what caused my little problem. ... I had no intention of staying here this late tonight. But I found I could not look away from you. I tracked your every move, discreetly, over the rim of my glass most of the time. I hope others did not notice. I somewhat hope you would notice yourself though. ... You did? Ah, good. ... Anyway, over the course of the evening I realized that I could not bring myself to leave. As it grew later, I not only could not leave, but I realized there would be no sleep for me tonight -- and more importantly I would not be able to focus on my work tomorrow -- if I did not get to feel your graceful, liquid movement on my own body. Therein lies my problem, and that is the reason I asked you up here. Now, are you willing to help me with this problem? ... OK, you can relax. Take a few deep breaths, is it not better with your shirt open? ... OK. Now over the course of this event that's about to happen, remain focused on your movement -- bring all the grace and fluidity you have to this practice, yes? ... OK, please lower yourself to your hands and knees. Don't rush anything! ... That's it' smooth motion, _liquid_ motion. ... Excellent. Now approach me. Crawl over here. ... Rise up, and place your hands on my thighs. Lift your eyes to me. ... Don't look away while you open my pants. ... Put your hand in -- it's such a lovely small, soft hand. Take my cock out and hold it. Feel how warm it is! It's been pressing to escape all night while I watched you move around the room. ... Now look down at it. Admire it. Circle your gaze around it. ... Lick your lips, moisten them. Now kiss my cock. ... You see how it throbbed when you kissed it? ... You know why that happened? It's because of love. My cock is in love with your lips. Not some casual kind of love where the word 'love' is just a stand-in for meaning 'really likes' or 'really wants,' but an epic TRUE love for the ages, like Orpheus and Eurydice, Merce and John, Buffy and Spike. My cock wants to spend eternity with your lips. Kiss it again and feel it throb at the touch of them. ... Look up at me. ... Put your hands on my body. Feel how tense the muscles are? ... That's love too. My body is in love with your touch. Your warm, flowing touch. ... Now look back down at my cock. Take it in one of your hands again. Put your lips over the end of it. ... Ah, perfect. Would you mind sucking very gently for a second? ... Ah. Kiss it again. See it continues to throb with love every time you do that! ... Take my balls in your other hand. ... Feel how heavy they are? They are wound tightly with my cum. A raging course being held back. ... Roll them a little between your fingers. ... Bathe them with the movements of your warm little hand. ... Ah. Good. Now lean down and take my balls between your lips. ... These too: suck them gently. ... One at a time. ... Back and forth. ... Feel how soft they are? Can you feel the weight of them in your mouth? ... OK, rise up higher now. Don't look up at me! Keep your eyes on my cock. ... Open your lips a little. Come down on my cock from above. ... Slowly, slowly. That's it. ... Let your lips spread around the head, and then come slightly back together as you take it in. ... Let the fluids of your mouth run out ahead of your lips. Think about how hungry you are for my cock. ... Always think about how hungry you are for it. Let me see you starving for my cock. ... Ah, so good. I can feel your warm mouth sliding wet and hot down my cock. ... See how far you can go. ... Don't gag though! Gagging is what you do with something gross. My cock is delicious to you. You want to swallow as much of it as you can, like it's your first meal after a fast. ... I'm just going to put my hand on the back of your head here, and guide you a little. ... Your hair is so soft! What product do you use? No, don't answer me now, remember to tell me later. ... OK, slowly raise your head up. Look up at me. ... Good. ... Now look down and close your eyes. Concentrate. ... Now take it all back in again, like a huge wave washing up on a long sandy beach. ... Slide your lips as far down as you can.




Now, wrap one of your warm little hands around the base. I need you to get this vision into your head: you aren't sucking me off, you are fucking me. Your mouth is your pussy, and you are using your body, with all it's liquid motion, to get me off. Roll your head like you would roll your hips if you were riding me. Come up and down on it in long stroke, but come down hard and really grind on my cock. Move your head forward when you hit the bottom and roll it back and you come up.



When I cum it will be super-sonic like one of those mantis shrimps punching its way out of an aquarium. I just don't want you to be taken by surprise when it happens.



